Arthur:
This week I finished my menu and fixed its bugs. I implemented the time and started working with Luca to make the graphs functional in the menu. 

Anna:
This week I finished implementing transport class and implemented all types of transport, and I also started implementing healthcare class (even though i still did not commit my changings)
and researching about hospitals in real world. Next week I plan to continue working on healthcare and other objects with the team.

Saga:
This week I started working on agricultural production and services classes. 
Next week I will need to make some changes in the housing classes because we have discussed some changes in the way we write our functions with the objects team.
I will also continue working on the two new classes I started this week.

Jerry:
This week I tried to understand how Car and Transport class interact with each other and affect the indices of the city. 
Next week I will work on actually implement the algorithm. Calculate all the indices we need to display in the game.

Paloma: This week I did research on additional energy sources which we can implement as policies and finished coding the geothermal power plant class. Next week with the objects 
 team we are going to have to modify in part the structure of our classes due to a Godot inheritance problem that is being fixed. I will also continue coding the energy sector to
 finish with one or two more classes only.

Luca:
This week, I coded some more functions that edit csv files. I explained to the algorithm team how they can use my work to store some data of the city. I added comments in my cpp files in order to explain how my functions work. I also began to code a 2D menu so as to display my charts that I managed to plot a week ago. This week, I plan to continue to work on my 2D menu.

Samuel:
The task of the Car and Transport classes was handed over to Jerry. This week I performed some merges and tried to understand the files that export
data created by the interface team. I am now working on the main loop writing its statistics in csv files using the functions created by Luca.
I will finish this next week and further expand on the main game loop.

Antoine:
This week I re-updated the object branch with what had been done in master. I mainly focused on discussing with the other team leaders as there are significant changes that need to be implemented in the structure of the object's code. Finally I advanced certain unit tests which lead to some debugging of certain functions. Next week I will implement the structural changes needed for the object's classes. 

Ambroise:
This week, I worked on using buttons to change properties of our 3D objects. I also worked on finding the most efficient way to organise and hierarchise classes. 
I rewrote several classes as godot classes and added graphical functionality to the structure superclass. 
This week, I will have to coordinate the transition from normal C++ classes to godot classes with a new hierarchy, with the help of the objects team. 
I also need to agree with the graphics team on a standardised scene structure to avoid any bugs when instantiating. 
Finally, I will work on developing the menu that will allow the player to implement policies when clicking on an object.

Eliott:
This week I continued my work on car collision and looked over all the different functions of Godot, I implemented a way to get the data attributes of all elements
from the city class, I designed the windmill, and the powerplant (including animation and smoke system) and I am working on the menu for the 3d world. Next week, I
am gonna finish this menu, help design the 2D menu, work on the red lights for cars (or improve collisions) and implement the time slider on the 3D world.
