Saga:
This week I worked on making a different file for each class of objects that are displayed on our world. 
Then, I did research on energy in houses and wrote some code for a Low Level House.
Next week, I will do research on the rest of the Housing subclasses (high level house and buildings) and write the corresponding code.

Anna:
This week I worked on creating separate files for different classes. 
Also I made some research about how buses work in real-life and different variables that influence the proccess and got ready for writing the code.
Next week I plan to do more research about different types of transport and implement some code.

Eliott:
This week I work with Ambroise to make object clickable, to display and remove physical attributes of building and created the mall asset.
Next week, I will implement the 2D menu in the 3D world (appearing when one clicks on the object).

Paloma :
This week I have modified the files for the displayed objects with the basic code necessary for them to match with Godot. I have started working in depth on the 
energy branch of the object's tree, starting by researching information about coal power plants. In the coming week, I will finish the coal power class and move
on to the rest of the energy sector.

Ambroise:
This week I worked with Eliott on sophisticating the character movement and implementing clickable objects in the 3D world. 
We managed to change the graphical properties of a 3D object with user input, by coding events and signals. 
This is a significant breakthrough for the interface team as we are now able to access all properties of a graphical object with our C++ code. 
Our next goal is to program the game in such a way as to allow it to auto-generate and place objects. 
We also plan to make our objects more functional to allow algorithm implementation and improve player experience.

Yury:
This week i build a lucid chart tree with all the counters and indices that we want our game to have. 
I have worked with Vincent on implementing counters and an idea on how and where they are supposed to be updated. 
For this week our goal is try to implement time and update the data by running through all the structure classes that are in the game.
