Saga:
This week I learnt how to compile on Mac with the help of my teammates. I fixed some errors in my code and continued working on the housing classes.
I now have code for each of the classes I was working on and next week I will see if I need to add things, and then maybe move on to another class.

Jerry:
This week I focus on designing a unit test process for object and algorithm to test our code. There's a document describing the whole process in the doc/ folder,
which include how to write, compile and execute testing program on the target. Next week I will working on the counting system of indices in the City class and also
let the Car and Transport class work together.

Luca:
This week, as planned, I finished coding my functions that enable to add, replace and delete data (for instance population, pollution, parts of energy supply,…) in .csv files. I also finally managed to plot those data using the Godot plugin “easy charts”. 
Next week, I plan to organise my charts in a 2D menu for the user interface.

Anna:
This week I changed the implementation of Transport objects after discussing with the interface team and implemented 6 types of transport in the new transport class.
Next week I plan to finish implemenation of 2 other types of transport and then proceed to working on other objects and improving existing code for Transport objects.

Yury:
This week after merging branch of my team to the master branch I contributed a lot to making sure that the it had a project that was compiling. I also introduced standardization 
of variable/function/class names and the objects team implemented that in their code.
This week i am going to work more on deepening the simulation and writing the data into files using the functions that were written by the interface team.


Antoine:
This week I spent a lot of time to fully understand how to run, compile and debug code on mac alongside Jerry.
I was hence able to create a unit test file for each object class and continued working on the restaurant.
Next week I plan on continuing to work on classes and further implement the complexity of the unit tests. 

Eliott:
This week I implemented car collisions, the blur effect, environnement, the traffic system and I worked on the structure of city. 
I still have on problem to solve for car collision, I will work on it next week, I will also implement the 2D menu and the traffic generation and  try to design new assets.

Ambroise:
This week, I programmed the city object to allow it to generate its own objects/instances that have both a graphical representation and c++ functionality. 
I worked on reorganising the godot scenes to make it possible to access any component on the world and its properties and to allow a more fluid link between code and graphics.
I also started coding and implementing a menu with buttons to command certain properties of displayed 3D objects. 
Next week, I will continue working on this menu and will work closely with the simulation team to link the work they did to the game skeleton established. 
I will also work with the objects team to reorganise the inheritance of classes, to avoid writing unnecessary code and add graphical functionality to the superclasses.

Vincent:
This week I worked on the City object. It is now able to take in instanced objects when the game world is loaded. 
In the next week I will continue coordinating between the simulation and interface teams, on topics including the car system, the files outputting data for graphs, and the city object.
I want to specifically allow buildings to change global variables when they are instanced during the game.
