Saga:
This week I worked on making a different file for each class of objects that are displayed on our world. 
Then, I did research on energy in houses and wrote some code for a Low Level House.
Next week, I will do research on the rest of the Housing subclasses (high level house and buildings) and write the corresponding code.

Anna:
This week I worked on creating separate files for different classes. 
Also I made some research about how buses work in real-life and different variables that influence the proccess and got ready for writing the code.
Next week I plan to do more research about different types of transport and implement some code.

Eliott:
This week I work with Ambroise to make object clickable, to display and remove physical attributes of building and created the mall asset.
Next week, I will implement the 2D menu in the 3D world (appearing when one clicks on the object).

Paloma :
This week I have modified the files for the displayed objects with the basic code necessary for them to match with Godot. I have started working in depth on the 
energy branch of the object's tree, starting by researching information about coal power plants. In the coming week, I will finish the coal power class and move
on to the rest of the energy sector.

Ambroise:
This week I worked with Eliott on sophisticating the character movement and implementing clickable objects in the 3D world. 
We managed to change the graphical properties of a 3D object with user input, by coding events and signals. 
This is a significant breakthrough for the interface team as we are now able to access all properties of a graphical object with our C++ code. 
Our next goal is to program the game in such a way as to allow it to auto-generate and place objects. 
We also plan to make our objects more functional to allow algorithm implementation and improve player experience.

Yury:
This week i build a lucid chart tree with all the counters and indices that we want our game to have. 
I have worked with Vincent on implementing counters and an idea on how and where they are supposed to be updated. 
For this week our goal is try to implement time and update the data by running through all the structure classes that are in the game.

Antoine:
This week I have discussed with members of the other teams to get a better understanding of how the overall project will come together. I have started working in depth on the 
shops branch of the object's tree. Starting on the restaurant object, I have done research on real world statistics and a basic model of the restaurant's micro simulation. This week I plan on finishing the model representing the restaurant and coding it. 

Jerry:
This week I work on better understanding how the main game loop works and when and how we can initialize and store our game data.
The built-in functions in the Godot engine provide a well-designed gaming machanism, which we could utilise it for our game.
Next week I will work with the algorithm team and implement the reaction between buildings in our simulated city and various indices.

Luca:
This week, I worked on finding a way to display 2D plots in Godot in order to show statistics of the city on the 2D user interface. In found a Godot library called "easy charts" that I studied and used to display my plots.
I also followed many tutorials in order to get comfortable with Godot and this library.
In order to use the "easy charts" library, one has to store the data one wants to plot in CSV files. Hence, this week, I plan to design an algorithm that modifies the data of CSV files.

Samuel:
This week, with the team, we decided on the list of counters and indices we want to implement and thought of possible implementations.
I also began to familiarize myself with Godot. I studied the workings around the main game loop and update functions for our indices and counters.
I was able to implement the beginning of a main game loop.
Next week, I will work on developing this loop and study the update mechanism more in depth.

Vincent:
We met with the simulation team to flesh out the data instances we want to keep track of, and to discuss the time implementation.
We considered changing the Engine's main loop to get a better understanding of how the engine works, but decided against it.
This week we want to finalize our implementation of the Scene object which will be displayed in the 3d engine.

Arthur: 

This week, I familiarized myself with Godot and tried to implement a 2d menu, which I am not done with. I now have to make the full 2d menu and make it interactable with the user
